[{"id":7,"nickname":"E","name":"Extrovert","energy_type":"Preference","direction":"down, back, right","vector":[0.58,-0.58,-0.58],"color_rgb":"rgb(100, 255, 255)","description":"My name is Extrovert. I am one of the Preference energies. My nickname is E. My direction vector points down, back, right. My color is rgb(100, 255, 255)."},{"id":8,"nickname":"I","name":"Introvert","energy_type":"Preference","direction":"down, back, left","vector":[-0.58,-0.58,-0.58],"color_rgb":"rgb(0, 155, 155)","description":"My name is Introvert. I am one of the Preference energies. My nickname is I. My direction vector points down, back, left. My color is rgb(0, 155, 155)."},{"id":9,"nickname":"S","name":"Sensor","energy_type":"Preference","direction":"down, front, right","vector":[0.58,-0.58,0.58],"color_rgb":"rgb(255, 100, 255)","description":"My name is Sensor. I am one of the Preference energies. My nickname is S. My direction vector points down, front, right. My color is rgb(255, 100, 255)."},{"id":10,"nickname":"N","name":"Intuitor","energy_type":"Preference","direction":"down, front, left","vector":[-0.58,-0.58,0.58],"color_rgb":"rgb(155,0,155)","description":"My name is Intuitor. I am one of the Preference energies. My nickname is N. My direction vector points down, front, left. My color is rgb(155,0,155)."},{"id":11,"nickname":"T","name":"Thinker","energy_type":"Preference","direction":"up, front, right","vector":[0.58,0.58,0.58],"color_rgb":"rgb(255,178,100)","description":"My name is Thinker. I am one of the Preference energies. My nickname is T. My direction vector points up, front, right. My color is rgb(255,178,100)."},{"id":12,"nickname":"F","name":"Feeler","energy_type":"Preference","direction":"up, front, left","vector":[-0.58,0.58,0.58],"color_rgb":"rgb(155, 77, 0)","description":"My name is Feeler. I am one of the Preference energies. My nickname is F. My direction vector points up, front, left. My color is rgb(155, 77, 0)."},{"id":13,"nickname":"J","name":"Judger","energy_type":"Preference","direction":"up, back, right","vector":[0.58,0.58,-0.58],"color_rgb":"rgb(178, 255, 100)","description":"My name is Judger. I am one of the Preference energies. My nickname is J. My direction vector points up, back, right. My color is rgb(178, 255, 100)."},{"id":14,"nickname":"P","name":"Perceiver","energy_type":"Preference","direction":"up, back, left","vector":[-0.58,0.58,-0.58],"color_rgb":"rgb(77, 155, 0)","description":"My name is Perceiver. I am one of the Preference energies. My nickname is P. My direction vector points up, back, left. My color is rgb(77, 155, 0)."}]
