[{"id":15,"nickname":"SN","name":"Aries","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"down, front","vector":[0.0,-0.71,0.71],"color_rgb":"rgb(255, 0, 255)","description":"My name is Aries. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is SN. My direction vector points down, front. My color is rgb(255, 0, 255).","alternate_nickname":"14"},{"id":16,"nickname":"ES","name":"Taurus","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"down, right","vector":[0.71,-0.71,0.0],"color_rgb":"rgb(127, 127, 255)","description":"My name is Taurus. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is ES. My direction vector points down, right. My color is rgb(127, 127, 255).","alternate_nickname":"15"},{"id":17,"nickname":"ST","name":"Gemini","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"front, right","vector":[0.71,0.0,0.71],"color_rgb":"rgb(255, 127, 127)","description":"My name is Gemini. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is ST. My direction vector points front, right. My color is rgb(255, 127, 127).","alternate_nickname":"45"},{"id":18,"nickname":"IP","name":"Cancer","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"back, left","vector":[-0.71,0.0,-0.71],"color_rgb":"rgb(0, 128, 0)","description":"My name is Cancer. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is IP. My direction vector points back, left. My color is rgb(0, 128, 0).","alternate_nickname":"36"},{"id":19,"nickname":"IN","name":"Leo","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"down, left","vector":[-0.71,-0.71,0.0],"color_rgb":"rgb(0, 0, 128)","description":"My name is Leo. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is IN. My direction vector points down, left. My color is rgb(0, 0, 128).","alternate_nickname":"16"},{"id":20,"nickname":"EI","name":"Virgo","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"down, back","vector":[0.0,-0.71,-0.71],"color_rgb":"rgb(0, 255, 255)","description":"My name is Virgo. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is EI. My direction vector points down, back. My color is rgb(0, 255, 255).","alternate_nickname":"13"},{"id":21,"nickname":"TF","name":"Libra","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"up, front","vector":[0.0,0.71,0.71],"color_rgb":"rgb(255, 127, 0)","description":"My name is Libra. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is TF. My direction vector points up, front. My color is rgb(255, 127, 0).","alternate_nickname":"24"},{"id":22,"nickname":"FP","name":"Scorpio","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"up, left","vector":[-0.71,0.71,0.0],"color_rgb":"rgb(127, 128, 0)","description":"My name is Scorpio. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is FP. My direction vector points up, left. My color is rgb(127, 128, 0).","alternate_nickname":"26"},{"id":23,"nickname":"NF","name":"Sagittarius","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"front, left","vector":[-0.71,0.0,0.71],"color_rgb":"rgb(128, 0, 0)","description":"My name is Sagittarius. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is NF. My direction vector points front, left. My color is rgb(128, 0, 0).","alternate_nickname":"46"},{"id":24,"nickname":"EJ","name":"Capricorn","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"back, right","vector":[0.71,0.0,-0.71],"color_rgb":"rgb(127, 255, 127)","description":"My name is Capricorn. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is EJ. My direction vector points back, right. My color is rgb(127, 255, 127).","alternate_nickname":"35"},{"id":25,"nickname":"TJ","name":"Aquarius","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"up, right","vector":[0.71,0.71,0.0],"color_rgb":"rgb(255, 255, 127)","description":"My name is Aquarius. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is TJ. My direction vector points up, right. My color is rgb(255, 255, 127).","alternate_nickname":"25"},{"id":26,"nickname":"JP","name":"Pisces","energy_type":"Zodiac","direction":"up, back","vector":[0.0,0.71,-0.71],"color_rgb":"rgb(127, 255, 0)","description":"My name is Pisces. I am one of the Zodiac energies. My nickname is JP. My direction vector points up, back. My color is rgb(127, 255, 0).","alternate_nickname":"23"}]
