[{"id":27,"nickname":"1E","name":"Wonder-Terror","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 1 (down) and E (down, back, right)","vector":[0.33,-0.89,-0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(59, 157, 255)","description":"My name is Wonder-Terror. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 1E. My direction vector points Midpoint of 1 (down) and E (down, back, right). My color is rgb(59, 157, 255).","need_nickname":"1","preference_nickname":"E","positive_emotion":"Wonder","negative_emotion":"Terror","negative_emotion_loop":"1E, 3E, 5E"},{"id":28,"nickname":"1I","name":"Thrill-Creepy","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 1 (down) and I (down, back, left)","vector":[-0.33,-0.89,-0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(0, 98, 196)","description":"My name is Thrill-Creepy. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 1I. My direction vector points Midpoint of 1 (down) and I (down, back, left). My color is rgb(0, 98, 196).","need_nickname":"1","preference_nickname":"I","positive_emotion":"Thrill","negative_emotion":"Creepy","negative_emotion_loop":"1I, 3I, 6I"},{"id":29,"nickname":"1S","name":"Awe-Scared","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 1 (down) and S (down, front, right)","vector":[0.33,-0.89,0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(157, 59, 255)","description":"My name is Awe-Scared. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 1S. My direction vector points Midpoint of 1 (down) and S (down, front, right). My color is rgb(157, 59, 255).","need_nickname":"1","preference_nickname":"S","positive_emotion":"Awe","negative_emotion":"Scared","negative_emotion_loop":"1S, 4S, 5S"},{"id":30,"nickname":"1N","name":"Excited-Nervous","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 1 (down) and N (down, front, left)","vector":[-0.33,-0.89,0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(98, 0, 196)","description":"My name is Excited-Nervous. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 1N. My direction vector points Midpoint of 1 (down) and N (down, front, left). My color is rgb(98, 0, 196).","need_nickname":"1","preference_nickname":"N","positive_emotion":"Excited","negative_emotion":"Nervous","negative_emotion_loop":"1N, 4N, 6N"},{"id":31,"nickname":"2T","name":"Happy-Stupid","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 2 (up) and T (up, front, right)","vector":[0.33,0.89,0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(255, 206, 59)","description":"My name is Happy-Stupid. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 2T. My direction vector points Midpoint of 2 (up) and T (up, front, right). My color is rgb(255, 206, 59).","need_nickname":"2","preference_nickname":"T","positive_emotion":"Happy","negative_emotion":"Stupid","negative_emotion_loop":"2T, 4T, 5T"},{"id":32,"nickname":"2F","name":"Able-Confused","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 2 (up) and F (up, front, left)","vector":[-0.33,0.89,0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(196, 147, 0)","description":"My name is Able-Confused. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 2F. My direction vector points Midpoint of 2 (up) and F (up, front, left). My color is rgb(196, 147, 0).","need_nickname":"2","preference_nickname":"F","positive_emotion":"Able","negative_emotion":"Confused","negative_emotion_loop":"2F, 4F, 6F"},{"id":33,"nickname":"2J","name":"Safe-Overwhelmed","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 2 (up) and J (up, back, right)","vector":[0.33,0.89,-0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(206, 255, 59)","description":"My name is Safe-Overwhelmed. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 2J. My direction vector points Midpoint of 2 (up) and J (up, back, right). My color is rgb(206, 255, 59).","need_nickname":"2","preference_nickname":"J","positive_emotion":"Safe","negative_emotion":"Overwhelmed","negative_emotion_loop":"2J, 3J, 5J"},{"id":34,"nickname":"2P","name":"Clear-Dizzy","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 2 (up) and P (up, back, left)","vector":[-0.33,0.89,-0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(147, 196, 0)","description":"My name is Clear-Dizzy. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 2P. My direction vector points Midpoint of 2 (up) and P (up, back, left). My color is rgb(147, 196, 0).","need_nickname":"2","preference_nickname":"P","positive_emotion":"Clear","negative_emotion":"Dizzy","negative_emotion_loop":"2P, 3P, 6P"},{"id":35,"nickname":"3E","name":"Certainty-Dread","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 3 (back) and E (down, back, right)","vector":[0.33,-0.33,-0.89],"color_rgb":"rgb(59, 255, 157)","description":"My name is Certainty-Dread. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 3E. My direction vector points Midpoint of 3 (back) and E (down, back, right). My color is rgb(59, 255, 157).","need_nickname":"3","preference_nickname":"E","positive_emotion":"Certainty","negative_emotion":"Dread","negative_emotion_loop":"1E, 3E, 5E"},{"id":36,"nickname":"3I","name":"Right/Success-Wrong/Failure","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 3 (back) and I (down, back, left)","vector":[-0.33,-0.33,-0.89],"color_rgb":"rgb(0, 196, 98)","description":"My name is Right/Success-Wrong/Failure. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 3I. My direction vector points Midpoint of 3 (back) and I (down, back, left). My color is rgb(0, 196, 98).","need_nickname":"3","preference_nickname":"I","positive_emotion":"Right/Success","negative_emotion":"Wrong/Failure","negative_emotion_loop":"1I, 3I, 6I"},{"id":37,"nickname":"3J","name":"Confident-Worried","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 3 (back) and J (up, back, right)","vector":[0.33,0.33,-0.89],"color_rgb":"rgb(108, 255, 59)","description":"My name is Confident-Worried. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 3J. My direction vector points Midpoint of 3 (back) and J (up, back, right). My color is rgb(108, 255, 59).","need_nickname":"3","preference_nickname":"J","positive_emotion":"Confident","negative_emotion":"Worried","negative_emotion_loop":"2J, 3J, 5J"},{"id":38,"nickname":"3P","name":"Hope-Despair","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 3 (back) and P (up, back, left)","vector":[-0.33,0.33,-0.89],"color_rgb":"rgb(49, 196, 0)","description":"My name is Hope-Despair. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 3P. My direction vector points Midpoint of 3 (back) and P (up, back, left). My color is rgb(49, 196, 0).","need_nickname":"3","preference_nickname":"P","positive_emotion":"Hope","negative_emotion":"Despair","negative_emotion_loop":"2P, 3P, 6P"},{"id":39,"nickname":"4S","name":"Accept/Aware-Denial","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 4 (front) and S (down, front, right)","vector":[0.33,-0.33,0.89],"color_rgb":"rgb(255, 59, 157)","description":"My name is Accept/Aware-Denial. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 4S. My direction vector points Midpoint of 4 (front) and S (down, front, right). My color is rgb(255, 59, 157).","need_nickname":"4","preference_nickname":"S","positive_emotion":"Accept/Aware","negative_emotion":"Denial","negative_emotion_loop":"1S, 4S, 5S"},{"id":40,"nickname":"4N","name":"Calm-Stressed","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 4 (front) and N (down, front, left)","vector":[-0.33,-0.33,0.89],"color_rgb":"rgb(196, 0, 98)","description":"My name is Calm-Stressed. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 4N. My direction vector points Midpoint of 4 (front) and N (down, front, left). My color is rgb(196, 0, 98).","need_nickname":"4","preference_nickname":"N","positive_emotion":"Calm","negative_emotion":"Stressed","negative_emotion_loop":"1N, 4N, 6N"},{"id":41,"nickname":"4T","name":"Relief-Anger","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 4 (front) and T (up, front, right)","vector":[0.33,0.33,0.89],"color_rgb":"rgb(255, 108, 59)","description":"My name is Relief-Anger. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 4T. My direction vector points Midpoint of 4 (front) and T (up, front, right). My color is rgb(255, 108, 59).","need_nickname":"4","preference_nickname":"T","positive_emotion":"Relief","negative_emotion":"Anger","negative_emotion_loop":"2T, 4T, 5T"},{"id":42,"nickname":"4F","name":"Peace-Crazed","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 4 (front) and F (up, front, left)","vector":[-0.33,0.33,0.89],"color_rgb":"rgb(196, 49, 0)","description":"My name is Peace-Crazed. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 4F. My direction vector points Midpoint of 4 (front) and F (up, front, left). My color is rgb(196, 49, 0).","need_nickname":"4","preference_nickname":"F","positive_emotion":"Peace","negative_emotion":"Crazed","negative_emotion_loop":"2F, 4F, 6F"},{"id":43,"nickname":"5E","name":"Truth-Disbelief","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 5 (right) and E (down, back, right)","vector":[0.89,-0.33,-0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(169, 255, 255)","description":"My name is Truth-Disbelief. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 5E. My direction vector points Midpoint of 5 (right) and E (down, back, right). My color is rgb(169, 255, 255).","need_nickname":"5","preference_nickname":"E","positive_emotion":"Truth","negative_emotion":"Disbelief","negative_emotion_loop":"1E, 3E, 5E"},{"id":44,"nickname":"5S","name":"Grateful-Guilty","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 5 (right) and S (down, front, right)","vector":[0.89,-0.33,0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(255, 169, 255)","description":"My name is Grateful-Guilty. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 5S. My direction vector points Midpoint of 5 (right) and S (down, front, right). My color is rgb(255, 169, 255).","need_nickname":"5","preference_nickname":"S","positive_emotion":"Grateful","negative_emotion":"Guilty","negative_emotion_loop":"1S, 4S, 5S"},{"id":45,"nickname":"5T","name":"Wisdom-Revenge","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 5 (right) and T (up, front, right)","vector":[0.89,0.33,0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(255, 212, 169)","description":"My name is Wisdom-Revenge. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 5T. My direction vector points Midpoint of 5 (right) and T (up, front, right). My color is rgb(255, 212, 169).","need_nickname":"5","preference_nickname":"T","positive_emotion":"Wisdom","negative_emotion":"Revenge","negative_emotion_loop":"2T, 4T, 5T"},{"id":46,"nickname":"5J","name":"Pride/Know-Ashamed/Judged","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 5 (right) and J (up, back, right)","vector":[0.89,0.33,-0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(212, 255, 169)","description":"My name is Pride/Know-Ashamed/Judged. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 5J. My direction vector points Midpoint of 5 (right) and J (up, back, right). My color is rgb(212, 255, 169).","need_nickname":"5","preference_nickname":"J","positive_emotion":"Pride/Know","negative_emotion":"Ashamed/Judged","negative_emotion_loop":"2J, 3J, 5J"},{"id":47,"nickname":"6I","name":"Treasured-Rejected","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 6 (left) and I (down, back, left)","vector":[-0.89,-0.33,-0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(0, 86, 86)","description":"My name is Treasured-Rejected. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 6I. My direction vector points Midpoint of 6 (left) and I (down, back, left). My color is rgb(0, 86, 86).","need_nickname":"6","preference_nickname":"I","positive_emotion":"Treasured","negative_emotion":"Rejected","negative_emotion_loop":"1I, 3I, 6I"},{"id":48,"nickname":"6N","name":"Freedom/Bliss-Sad/Depressed","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 6 (left) and N (down, front, left)","vector":[-0.89,-0.33,0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(86, 0, 86)","description":"My name is Freedom/Bliss-Sad/Depressed. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 6N. My direction vector points Midpoint of 6 (left) and N (down, front, left). My color is rgb(86, 0, 86).","need_nickname":"6","preference_nickname":"N","positive_emotion":"Freedom/Bliss","negative_emotion":"Sad/Depressed","negative_emotion_loop":"1N, 4N, 6N"},{"id":49,"nickname":"6F","name":"Joy-Gloom","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 6 (left) and F (up, front, left)","vector":[-0.89,0.33,0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(86, 43, 0)","description":"My name is Joy-Gloom. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 6F. My direction vector points Midpoint of 6 (left) and F (up, front, left). My color is rgb(86, 43, 0).","need_nickname":"6","preference_nickname":"F","positive_emotion":"Joy","negative_emotion":"Gloom","negative_emotion_loop":"2F, 4F, 6F"},{"id":50,"nickname":"6P","name":"Love-Loss","energy_type":"Emotion","direction":"Midpoint of 6 (left) and P (up, back, left)","vector":[-0.89,0.33,-0.33],"color_rgb":"rgb(43, 86, 0)","description":"My name is Love-Loss. I am one of the Emotion energies. My nickname is 6P. My direction vector points Midpoint of 6 (left) and P (up, back, left). My color is rgb(43, 86, 0).","need_nickname":"6","preference_nickname":"P","positive_emotion":"Love","negative_emotion":"Loss","negative_emotion_loop":"2P, 3P, 6P"}]
